Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Where were we?
Hey. what's up. sis?
Oh right.
I'm back.
Cam Gordon. oldest brother.
former president of the LA Waves.
He gave me this job. and I love him.
but his junkie ass is
supposed to be in rehab.
What the actual hell?
Cam. Oh my God!
- Oh.
- Hi. Oh!
Oh. I miss hugs.
Mm.
My parole officers were never this good.
I watched the game last night.
We almost had 'em. but… tough loss.
Th... Thanks.
Yeah. I'm still in shock.
So. when you say back.
you mean back like as in a limited time.
like the McRib.
or back. like. for your job?
Oh God. no. no. no. no. no.
You are the president of the Waves.
Me? I'm just a guy
who just got out of rehab.
But now that you mention it.
I… I would like to come back
and work just a little bit.
you know. just to help out.
Oh. well. what… what do I need help with?
I can consult if you have any questions.
or maybe you give me
a little bit of an office.
- Mmm.
- I can do the Oscar pool.
Oh. come on. Cam.
- You know Sandy runs the Oscar pool.
- Oh. right.
- You're not gunning for your old job back?
- Oh my God. no.
Besides. you're doing such a great job.
and the board would
never even approve me at this point.
Not with my rap sheet.
Oh. sorry. Old habits die hard.
And you're okay working under me?
Yes. Look. I'm a different person now.
I listen.
Lizzie told me something
about the kids the other day.
and I heard it. I really heard it.
Apparently we got a bed wetter.
Just. uh. checking to see
if you needed anything?
- Jason.
- Jackie.
Jack... Jackie. I wanna apologize
for getting off on the wrong foot.
I've had eight months.
and I've really learned a lot.
- I want to get to know you better.
- Thank you. Cam.
Hey. no problem.
Oh. and if you're going on a coffee run.
I would love a caramel macchiato.
Oh my God.
Oh. there he is. My man.
I thought the court said
you had to do a full year.
No. the rehab wrote the judge a letter.
and they let me out early.
- Well. I'm proud of you. man.
- Oh. thanks.
I can't believe this is the same guy
that Bituin caught going through her purse
looking for opioids.
I was a wild man.
Now you can be in book club.
I know before you said
book clubs were for pussies.
But now I know you were high.
Right. No. I would love
to be part of the book club.
Yeah. come on by.
Hey. so what's going on? Are… are you…?
- You're back-back?
- Well. that's up to Isla.
What do you say?
We'd be lucky to have you back.
Yes! Yes! Yes! We should celebrate.
- Champagne. Yes!
- Oh. I don't think that'd be a great idea.
- No. No champagne.
- Let's go get a Coke.
Hey. I need a new office. don't I?
So I guess Cam's back.
I didn't take you for sentimental.
Oh my God. Jay. I…
- I thought you were already in Boston.
- Yeah. I uh… I leave tonight.
I just… just needed to do one more thing.
Mm. I put flaxseeds in your smoothie.
What?
The Mayo Clinic recommends
one scoop a day.
Helps support healthy elimination.
- Whoa.
Have you been sleeping this whole time?
You were smiling and nodding.
- Good morning.
I made you this.
It's got all your daily nutrients.
So the rest of the day.
you can just have Diet Coke and Skittles.
But when we get married.
this has gotta stop.
- I don't wanna be a widower in my forties.
- Please. women will be lining up.
You're gonna be remarried
before they're finished with my autopsy.
All right. I gotta go.
Damn. that's the fifth fantasy
I've had about Jay this week.
Ever since Jay and I kissed
after the playoffs.
I've been having
nonstop sex dreams about him.
I'm talking at work.
Like. all over work.
Even on Planet Arrakis.
I think I fell asleep watching Dune.
I don't know how. but I need them to stop
because Lev and I are back together
and have never been better.
and we actually set a date.
That's right.
Your girl is getting married
in just eight short weeks
to the man of her dreams.
Well. most of my dreams.
Yeah. let's keep it going!
Come on! Who wants it?
To the line! To the line…
Work has been surprisingly great
with Cam back.
He's been really helpful and supportive.
The team has been crushing
their off-season workouts.
They're still pissed about
how last season ended. which is good.
because this year.
I plan on winning it all.
If you want a legacy in this league.
you can't be a one-hit wonder.
Dad would be so proud
that his five children. that we know of.
are working under one roof.
We still need a coach.
but I am on top of it.
Sure. it's been a few months.
and none of the candidates
have blown me away yet.
but I know I'll find the right guy.
- It's just taking me a minute to...
- I think I found our guy.
- Danny Pierce.
- Coach from Oklahoma?
Oh. he's tied up at OU.
Yeah. I bumped into him in Malibu.
We ended up going to the Soho Beach House.
I think he's up here visiting his aunt.
who's like Jamie Lee Curtis or some shit.
I love Freaky Friday.
They should make more body swap movies.
- I'm always saying that.
- They make plenty.
There's my guy.
Yeah. I know.
I got the feeling if we made him an offer.
he'd be interested.
- Well. we should interview him.
- Totally.
Of course.
he'd be interviewing us as well.
Excuse me?
No. no. I get that.
I mean. this guy is a god at OU.
He can park his golf cart anywhere.
Why would he ever leave?
Uh. to coach the most famous
professional basketball team in the world?
Yeah. Run by
a very savvy and innovative leader.
Oh!
These are bad chairs.
Isla. of course. it's up to you.
but I think we should. uh.
ask him to sit with us.
- I agree.
- All right.
Uh… Jackie. set up a meeting.
Oh! No need to do that.
I just got off the phone with him.
Told him to come around here
this afternoon. Just faster that way.
- Boom.
- Great.
Why is there a framed photo
of some random child here?
That is my son. Milton.
Isla gave Cam my office.
So. now this conference room
has become my workstation.
Oh. you know what? Maybe if I go to rehab.
Isla will give me Sandy's office.
Oh. boo-hoo-hoo.
It's not exactly paradise
over in your office.
It's like fucking Anthropologie
over there.
- Then give it back. bitch.
- Who the fuck you calling "bitch." bitch?
Hey. nobody says bitch here
unless it's in a fun and sassy gay way.
Right. Sandy?
I wish I was sassy.
but I'm not that type of gay.
Isla. you know how many years
it took me to earn my office?
Your dad gave it to me on his deathbed.
He was on so much tramadol.
He was nice for once.
Okay. I promise
I'm gonna find you an office.
Thank you.
It's come to my attention
that none of y'all ain't bought a table
for the Complexion Ball.
- What is the Complexion Ball again?
- How many times do we have to tell you?
It's for his wife Dinora's charity
to eradicate cystic acne.
Damn. Travis. that's…
that's exactly right.
Key to staying sharp. sober living.
and app-based brain games.
Today's Wordle. tough.
Dude. they're always tough. Benson.
The table buy-in is 10.000.
and you're all getting one.
Yo. Marcus. I'm sorry.
but I can't make the pimple party. man.
My. uh. grandma needs help
setting up her iPad.
Don't lie to me.
Look. you don't have to buy a table.
but you are coming
and you are walking the rosacea carpet.
All right. fine.
And don't be wearing
that busted-ass corduroy suit.
- Looking like a Jehovah's Witness.
- I am a Jehovah's Witness.
Goddammit. We going shopping.
All right. look.
obviously when I take over.
I'm gonna need to make my adjustments.
It's all about maximizing everyone's
player efficiency rating and our EFG.
That's right.
- That's expected field goal percentage.
- Oh God. you have hot tuna breath.
We definitely gotta lose the zone defense.
Man-to-man. all the time.
My teams do not rest.
- Oh. I love that.
- Fuck yeah. that's what I'm talking about.
I like that in theory. but we really try
to keep Marcus's wear and tear down
in the regular season.
But we also like that you're coming
in here with all these ideas.
Oh. thanks. Listen. when you hire me.
you don't just get the coach.
You also get the president and the GM.
Pew. pew. pew.
I can wear a lot of hats
is what I'm saying.
Not that you should
with that head of lettuce.
Oh. okay.
Listen. I gotta get going.
I'm doing a photo shoot for Men's Health.
I guess it's the abs issue.
- Oh shit. I'll walk you out.
- Thank you so much. Thank you.
I'm actually gonna come with you
'cause I wanna get
your thoughts on oblique training.
Well. I like him. I guess I'm about to go
to a magazine stand for the first time.
This is why we pay
for Cam's many social club memberships.
Isla.
I… I think you're prematurely cheesing.
I'm just gonna say it.
You're gonna get about 15% more
grill space on your lower right
if you shift every...
Here you go. I know you want it.
I know you want it.
- Go for it.
- I'm just gonna do it.
No. Lev. where you going? Right there.
I'm done. I'm done.
They have to get their swim diapers on.
Thank you for letting me bring my mom
so she can watch the kids.
Where's Gene?
He's taking a stand-up class at Flappers.
- Oh. okay.
- I know.
Um. hey. there's actually something
I wanted to talk to you about.
Oh.
Cam's office.
I'm sorry.
I forgot with all the coach stuff.
No. no. no. It's… it's fine.
There's actually something bigger
I wanted to run by you. Um…
There is a song
called "Flowers" by Miley Cyrus.
It's about knowing your self-worth.
- And as you know...
- What is this? Are you nervous?
Spit it out.
I've got 80 crab cakes in the oven.
Okay. fine.
Look. it's awkward
because you're my best friend.
but you're also my boss.
and I… I just have to say it.
I think I deserve a raise.
Wow. okay. I…
You know. when Cam left. you stepped up.
but… but I stepped up too.
And I love all my new responsibilities.
but I just really feel like...
You're so right. You need a raise.
And I'm gonna talk to Sandy about it.
I'm gonna make it my priority. I'm on it.
Oh my God. Oh. thank you so much.
This just means so much to me. especially
with Gene wanting to quit dentistry
to pursue comedy full-time.
- Hmm. Never made me laugh.
- He's never made anyone laugh.
- Hey. Cam.
- Hey.
Oh. uh. sorry.
Hi. the clogged toilet is upstairs. Ness.
What?
Hey. he's not the fucking plumber.
This is my sober companion. Leroy.
- Hey.
- Oh.
Sorry. Good to meet you.
Oh shit. you got a pool?
Could I borrow a bathing suit?
Oh. I… I don't think we have any.
Actually. you know what? I'm cool.
I can wear my tighty-whities.
Oh. Uh… Hey. oh. Lev.
Leroy here needs a bathing suit.
Do you have an extra one for him. please?
Of course. You got it.
Oh. Ooh.
Hey. Leroy.
Yeah. I have a bathing suit for you.
- You know. you can… you can keep it.
- What?
Feel free to hop in the outdoor shower
before you jump in.
What's up with the indoor shower though?
That guy's amazing. He saved my life.
You put him on every billboard in LA?
I mean.
that's expansive outreach.
- Are you still talking about Danny?
- Yeah. The offer will be ready on Monday.
- Let's get it out as soon as possible.
- Great. I'll do that. Right?
Oh. right.
that's if it's okay with you. boss.
Yeah. Send it to me first.
and I'll take a look at it.
I'd love to get
a text chain going with him.
- Easy. I'll put us on a group chat.
- I love it.
Hello. Okay. What about me?
Danny's cool.
- I wanna be on the chain.
- Oh. we never forget about you.
- You're our guy. The ultimate cool guy.
- No. no. no.
Don't Gladiator me. please.
Guys. our backs are turned.
- Are you not entertained?
- Don't. please. No. No. no. no. no!
Whoo!
- Whoo!
- Oh!
Can I be honest with you?
I'm not there on this Danny thing.
Well. on paper. he checks all the boxes.
and he's the hottest coach available.
But. I mean. still your call.
Isn't it weird
that he's. like. already Cam's guy?
And he wants to change
everything we've built.
Well. I mean. you just had
to be a decent human being
and let Jay be with his children.
Jay's like an extension of our family.
I mean. he was a player
and then assistant. head coach.
I just need someone
who understands this organization.
Well. the head coach before Jay
was Bruce Adams.
but he's dead. so that's a no-go.
Jay always said
his real mentor was Norm Stinson.
Wait.
What ever happened to him?
After he won a title
as an assistant coach for your dad.
he was the head coach
in Orlando. Cleveland. then Detroit.
Okay. where is he now?
According to Wikipedia.
he currently resides in Anaheim.
I wanna meet with him.
so send him the plane.
It's a 45-minute drive.
- Anaheim?
- Yeah.
Then where am I thinking?
I have no idea.
Hey. are you guys decent?
Because I got a VIP guest
about to come in.
Oh. man. I can't be doing no more selfies
with your sponsor.
It's not Dennis. dude. It's a girl..
Okay. so put your clothes on. perverts.
And allow me to introduce
my new bae. Zoé Debay.
Hey. everyone.
Ah. who is this woman?
Benson. how do you not know Zoé Debay?
She had her own kids' show.
Oh. I… I didn't watch a lot of TV
in Nigeria. I was popular.
It was called Triple Trouble.
She played triplets.
- Nice to meet you. Zoé.
- Miss Debay. big fan.
It's an honor to meet you.
I'm a big Waves fan.
Y'all were robbed last year. but I know
you're getting that ring this year.
Yeah!
All right. enough.
Zoé. the tour continues.
Next up. HR and payroll.
Oof!
Can we hurry up? I have a pickleball match
in an hour with Stamos.
- Oh. you made the connection. Nice.
- Guy covers the court like a gazelle.
Danny finds out we're jerking off
another coach. he's gonna be pissed.
and that's gonna be on you.
Yeah. but I will say
Norm would be a lot cheaper than Danny.
Yes. I just wanna exhaust
all possibilities.
Jackie. you can bring Norm in now.
He fell asleep in reception.
Should I wake him up?
- No. he's… he's probably meditating.
- He was snoring.
- Hmm.
- Jackie. just bring him in. please.
Well. it's good
to see you kids again. huh?
It's been a long time.
All right. let's see.
Cam. glad to hear you're off of drugs.
Yeah. that's a good call.
Isla. Hey.
you're finally getting married. good.
Yeah. you were single a long time.
so that's good.
Ness. Asian wife. that's progress.
And Sandy. you're. uh… gay.
Yes.
Yeah. Norm.
you've got a really impressive résumé.
You have a .605 career winning percentage.
five division titles
with three different teams.
I mean. what have you
been up to these last years?
Well. I got a condo in Anaheim.
Yeah. right next to a Peet's Coffee shop.
so I go there every day.
Anything else?
I have a daughter. She lives in Boston.
doesn't talk to me anymore.
Her husband. he doesn't work.
and I refuse to call him
a "full-time dad."
He wears a fedora.
Get the fuck out of here.
Um. Norm. this last year in Detroit.
uh. do you want to tell us what happened?
Well. let's just say I. uh.
I was dealing with some personal stuff.
- Would you care to elaborate on that?
- No.
We don't need to focus on the past.
Let's talk about the future.
Norm. what do you think
about the state of our team?
Yeah. what would you do
to. say. maximize player efficiency
or improve our EFG?
Well. I don't know
what any of that shit means.
but what I'd say about your team…
Okay. so Marcus.
you're paying him too much money.
Travis holds onto the ball too damn long.
And. oh well… Oh no. well.
you gave him too many corner threes.
Yeah. Very. very sloppy.
- Did we do anything right?
- Uh… let's see.
Jay. great coach.
I don't why you let him go.
Oh. this is where my passwords are.
Now I can get back into my apps.
I gotta buy some compression socks.
Norm. it was great to catch up.
Thank you for coming in.
Okay. all right.
Well. I gotta go anyway. I'm at a meter.
I didn't put any money in
because I roll the dice.
If you don't mind.
what's the deal with the snacks?
- Oh. go ahead. Go ahead. help yourself.
- Really? Okay.
This will go good with my coffee.
- I'm a dunker.
- Just take 'em. Norm. Thanks for coming.
- Okay. thank you.
- Bye. Norm.
- All right.
- Can we hire Danny now.
or are there other befuddled. broken men
you'd like to speak to?
All right. fine. We'll go with Danny.
- Can I go?
- Yep.
Monica. call Stamos!
Whoo!
Where did Dollar Store Dyson go?
I am feeling this.
As you should.
I might get a couple of these
while I'm here.
- Oh my God. is that in pesos?
- Don't worry about the price.
- Are you buying?
- No. Just don't worry about the price.
I'm gonna go grab you some belts.
Chill here.
Don't be asking anyone
about a bargain bin.
Wow. looking good.
Oh. hey. Zoé. What are you doing here?
Just shopping.
You wanna know something crazy?
I actually grew up
the biggest Long Beach Raccoons fan.
- Really?
- Yeah. we couldn't afford Waves seats.
The D-league gave free tickets to my
church. so we went to Raccoons games.
- Oh. you've been to The Cage?
- Like a thousand times.
I saw you play once.
You were on fire.
but they had to stop the game at halftime
because the team forgot
to pay the electric bill.
Yeah. the owner was a real bad gambler.
We gotta take a pic.
- My dad'll freak when I tell him we met.
- Let's do it.
Give me your phone
so I can share it.
Okay. There. now you have my number.
So. are you gonna get this suit?
I don't know.
I'm worried it's not nice enough.
Mm. Well. that's too bad.
You wear it well.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- So what are you doing after this?
- Just some shopping.
Then I have a meeting later
about this movie my agent wants me to do.
Wow. that is so cool.
Isla. I have Danny Pierce's agent.
line two.
Hey. Norm left this in my office.
Oh. sorry. I mean conference room.
Holy shit.
Isla. Danny's agent holding.
Yeah. tell him I'll call him back.
Hi. I'm looking for
a grouchy. older gentleman.
Thank you.
- Norm. Oh!
- Oh. shit!
You can't do that.
You can't sneak up on somebody like that.
I almost had a heart attack.
I didn't sneak up on you.
I gently tapped you
on the shoulder and lightly said. "Norm."
I didn't know where
it was coming from. It was like a ghost.
- Can I… Can I just sit down?
- Yeah.
- What are you doing here?
- I am here to yell at you.
I went to bat for you.
That interview was terrible.
Your answers were all bad.
and honestly. you were kind of rude.
Wait a minute. Is this about the snacks?
Because all of you said I could have them.
You took everything.
an entire grocery bag of snacks.
Norm. what happened in Detroit?
And if I was to hire you. how would I know
that wouldn't happen again?
Well. I don't think my wife can die twice.
Yeah. my wife Andrea passed away
from ovarian cancer
the last season that I coached.
I'm so sorry. I…
She got diagnosed
and suddenly basketball became
very unimportant.
Then when she passed. I kind of shut down.
Started hanging out here.
That's really tough.
No. it's actually pretty nice
because they gave me
my own copy of the bathroom key
so I don't have to keep going up
and asking for it.
You know. believe it or not.
that meeting was the first time
I talked to other people in a while.
I believe it.
- You left your notebook.
- Oh. Oh. I left it?
- Hmm.
- I may have taken a peek.
You broke down all
of our defensive sets in the playoffs
and basically reverse engineered them
for a new scheme.
Yeah. well. I watched
every Waves game last season.
So. you don't think
we should move to a man-to-man defense?
No. no. You don't throw out
a system that works.
You just shift the guard
to the high triangle with Marcus and Bugg.
that's gonna shrink the floor on defense.
Teams are gonna shoot 8% worse from deep.
This way. Marcus doesn't have to sprint
like he's 25. It's too much wear and tear.
No. you got a good team.
Isla.
And. uh. more importantly.
they got you.
I have a feeling
it wasn't a mistake you left this behind.
Now give me your whisk.
It's a long drive home.
- Yeah. thanks.
- You gotta jiggle the handle.
Yo. D. hold up.
- Yo.
- I wanna talk to you about something.
Bro. I gotta talk to you too.
I spent so much money on this suit.
I can't afford shoes.
- Are high-tops okay?
- You… you're buying shoes.
But…
Ain't about that.
I saw you sweating Zoé.
- She's just a Raccoons fan.
- Let me tell you something.
My first year in LA.
Ricky Smith broke his hand in practice.
I remember that.
Took you guys out of the playoffs.
What you don't know is. is that Ricky
broke it on Derek Newman's face.
'Cause Derek was hooking up with his lady.
And no. I'm not saying who it was.
- Ashanti. Yeah.
- Damn.
A month later. Ricky retired.
And Ashanti left Derek for Nelly.
and I didn't get my playoff bonus check.
There's a pecking order on the team.
It goes me. and then about here is Travis.
and then your broke ass is…
way down there somewhere.
You feel me?
All right. Well. good afternoon.
Thank you all for being here.
It was a long search.
but we always said
when we found the right guy. we'd know it.
And we did.
But then Isla wanted
to meet one more person.
- So take it away. Isla.
- Thank you. Ness.
I'm so excited
to welcome back Norm Stinson
as the new head coach
of the Los Angeles Waves.
Welcome home. Norm.
All right. Well. let's open it up
to. uh. some questions here.
Um. Rachel.
Coach. there were reports
that some within the organization
wanted to hire Danny Pierce.
but. ultimately. you were chosen.
How does that make you feel?
What do you mean. Danny Pierce?
Danny Pierce from Oklahoma?
You... Seriously. you could've hired
Danny Pierce?
Are you crazy?
That kid's a hotshot. Yeah.
Easy on the eyes too. right?
Norm is obviously joking.
You're joking
'cause you're better than him.
Look. I'm gonna do the best I can.
and. uh. we… we hope it goes well.
But if it doesn't.
I guess it's on you then. right?
Oh my God. Norm.
All right. let's do another question here.
Coach Norm's gonna sit this one out. okay?
God damn it.
Dude. are you all right?
Danny was gonna be my guy.
He was gonna take us to the mountaintop.
and I was gonna get all the credit.
Now Isla has thrown us this curveball.
Now I'm fucked!
- What are you gonna do now?
- What do you think I wanna do now?
- I wanna do some drugs.
- Yes! I was hoping you said that.
I actually tried this stuff out
this morning. It's really good.
Bottoms up.
Whoo!
All right.
Did you get it?
Yeah. It's goof.
I meant good!
Yeah. well. you look "goof" in it.
Have a "goof" night.
- Hello?
- Dyson. Clint Bonelli. Marcus's agent.
Ah. Yeah. we've met before.
You were backing out of a handicapped spot
and ran over my bike.
Yeah. and I sent you home
in an Uber Black. didn't I?
Look. you're becoming
a real asset to the team.
I wanna ask you something.
Are you happy with your contract?
I made the Bella Hadid pasta from TikTok.
We didn't have feta.
so I used the 365 Mexican cheese blend.
Oh. thank you.
Look. I know we said
that we were not drinking on weeknights.
but I really could use.
like. three glasses of wine.
I had a feeling. Hey. uh. by the way.
congrats on hiring Norm.
He seems great.
Yeah. well. he better be
because it's on me if he isn't.
Ooh. that reminds me. Did you see
that photo of Jay Brown on TMZ Sports?
- What? No.
- Yeah. my phlebotomist showed it to me.
Apparently. he's dating
Miss Massachusetts.
- He posted a selfie of them at a benefit.
- Jay Brown's dating a beauty queen?
I guess some women
find him handsome.
What? I thought he was supposed to be
like this intellectual guy
who cared more about character than that.
But whatever.
She's very pretty.
Yeah. well…
I know someone prettier.
- Let's go upstairs.
- Why do we need to go upstairs?
I mean.
they had Danny Pierce on a platter.
and I don't care what your pronouns are.
everybody wants this kid.
and they decide to go with Norm Stinson?
I mean. was he half-off at a garage sale?
He doesn't have a garage.
He lives in a condo. you idiot.
Hey. you have a minute?
I know he can't hear me.
I have to stop doing that. What's up?
I wanted to see if you
got a chance to talk to Sandy.
Oh! Oh my God. I forgot. I'm sorry.
Hiring Norm has been my priority.
Not that you're not important.
- Well. hopefully I'm next.
- You know. you are.
I mean. things are finally starting
to settle down. not so crazy. so…
Breaking news here. Breaking news.
Sources are telling me that with
only weeks left before the season starts.
LA Waves small forward Dyson Gibbs
is holding out for a new contract.
Are you kidding me?
Jackie. I need my brothers
in here immediately.
- This is a repeat of last year.
- Are we good?
Yeah. we're good.
- Did you know about this? You didn't know?
- No.
- I knew about it and didn't talk to you.
- Does anyone know?
- Not enough time to close a new contract.
- No. no. no.
Why don't we put Sean Murphy
on the payroll at this point?
We got two weeks.
That's plenty of time.
If you're lucky.
- Hey. hey.
- You need to handle this.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm